.TH M2SMS 8l "29th March r1.3
.SH NAME
.B m2sms
- creates and sends  message to a mail to sms text gateway.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBm2sms\fR [\fB-c \fI<config_file>\fR] [\fB-d\fR]
[\fB-v\fR]  \fI<start_time> <event_description>\fR | [\fB-V\fR]
.SH AVAILABILITY
.B m2sms
is a Bourne shell script which should work equally well on all versions of UNIX,
Linux and Mac OS X.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B m2sms
uses the event and date/time parameters received on the command line to 
create a subject line to send to the sms gateway. 
A brief message is also appended to prevent problems which may be experienced
if \fBmailx\fR receives a null message.
.LP
.B m2sms
is designed to be called by the \fBorage\fR calendar programme to text alerts
to the calendar user but could also be used from the command line.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 5
.B -c
Use the specified configuration file in preference to the default
\fI"/usr/local/etc/m2sms.cf"\fR. If no configuration file is found the 
script will attempt to soldier on with the information it has from the 
command line.
.TP 5
\fB-d\fR
Start in debug mode. The \fB-x\fR option is set within the shell.
.TP
.B -v
Set verbose mode. Ordinarily 
.B m2sms
operates silently unless show stopping problems are detected. In 
.I verbose
mode 
.B m2sms
reports on each significant action.
.TP 5
.B -V
.B m2sms 
reports the release details and terminates.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP
.nf
.ft CW
	m2sms  <start-time> <event> <recipient>
.fi
.ft R
.LP
In the \fBOrage\fR calendar the syntax for setting the \fIAlarm\fR is
.nf
.ft CW
	/usr/local/m2sms.cf <&ST> <&T>
.fi
.ft R
 .
.SH BUGS
The script is quite crude having little or no error checking. The consequences
of unexpected input are untested. 
.SH SEE ALSO
.SH AUTHOR
Clifford W Fulford, City Linux. Contact fulford@fulford.net or +44 (0)709 229 5385.
.SH HISTORY

